PBM-876 Added a tech preview warning for physical backup (#35)
percona/pbm-docs: source/backup-types.rst

As of version 1.7.0, |PBM| supports physical and logical backups and restores. This document describes each type.

.. important::

>    Physical backups and restores is the technical preview feature [1]_. Before using them in production, we recommend that you test restoring from physical backups in your environment, and also use the alternative backup method for redundancy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Physical backups and restores are technical preview features [1]_. Before using them in production, we recommend that you test restoring from physical backups in your environment, and also use the alternative backup method for redundancy.
```

Author: Amended

As of version 1.7.0, |PBM| supports physical and logical backups and restores. This document describes each type.

.. important::

>    Physical backups and restores is the technical preview feature.

Reviewer: I think we should be more explicit here:
```suggestion
   Please note that physical backups and restores are technical preview features.
   Make sure to test restoring these backups in your environment and consider performing
   backups using an alternative method for redundancy.
```

Author: Do I understand it right: we recommend using this feature in testing envs and have an alternative backup tool/method for redundancy?

Also I suggest adding the explanation of the tech preview feature in the footnote: 
Tech Preview Features are not yet ready for enterprise use and are not included in support via [|SLA|](https://github.com/percona/postgresql-docs/blob/c5dd8175b61e33a709c8053167ed5df142481962/source/index.rst#id31). They are included in this release so that users can provide feedback prior to the full release of the feature in a future [GA](https://github.com/percona/postgresql-docs/blob/c5dd8175b61e33a709c8053167ed5df142481962/source/index.rst#id33) release (or removal of the feature if it is deemed not useful). This functionality can change (APIs, CLIs, etc.) from tech preview to GA.

Reviewer: @spron-in - any thoughts on how to position this? I think we should be very clear about what "Tech Preview" means, to set proper expectations. The current change looks good to me.

Author: Updated
